
//*Name:Sai Madhav
Task1 	Working Proof of application  attached with screenshots is provided in above file task1 readme.docx*//

Introduction:
1)The task is coded in java,spring-framework and maven  and the tool used is intellij and mongo db
2)First I have created a model,repository,controller and added mongo db properties in application.properties of the application so my local “Tomcat” server connects with mongo db 

GET servers. Should return all the servers if no parameters are passed. When server id is passed as a parameter - return a single server or 404 if there’s no such a serve
Sol:
i have created a api find by all servers which fetches all the servers from mongo db which I have saved before in to the mongo db here below is the screen shot as from postman when our api is hit it fetched all the servers 
 
PUT a server. The server object is passed as a json-encoded message body. Here’s an
example:
{
“name”: ”my centos”,
“id”: “123”,
“language”:”java”,
“framework”:”django”
} 
Sol:
 I  have created a api add all servers which saves all the servers to mongo db and returns its id as a message
 
DELETE a server. The parameter is a server ID.
Sol: 
i have created a api to delete the servers by passing the particular server id  which deletes the particular server provided by its id and returns the message with its particular deleted server id
 
So you can see above the id 1234 is deleted and after fetching you see no server with id 1234 is present as shown in below picture(provided in task1 readme.docx)
 

GET (find) servers by name. The parameter is a string. Must check if a server name contains this string and return one or more servers found. Return 404 if nothing is found.
Sol: : i have created a api to fetch the server by passing the particular server id  
 


//**Name:Sai Madhav
Task2 Working Proof of application  attached with screenshots is provided in above file task2 readme.docx
Genereating api using swagger code gen and latest and simple way using swagger2**//

I have added swagger and swagger ui dependency in to the pom of my project 
 
Now I have annotated my project with @Enable swagger2
 
And now I have hit the from post man to get the code generated automatically : 
This code you can check in above provided task2 readme.docx file
 
 
And now I have swagger ui to view all my documentation 
 
And now lets try some of the api directly from swagger ui for example:
Get/task2/findAllServers:
 
In the screen shot (provided in task2 readme.docx) you can see the response and status code of the directly generated by the swagger 



